added known issue with volume sleeper (#377)
StemVibrations/STEM: docs/known_issues.rst

- If you can't upgrade the host OS, consider using a Pod or Docker container that matches the required
  glibc version and provides Kratos and dependencies. You can find a Docker file to run STEM
  in the `STEM repository <https://github.com/StemVibrations/STEM/blob/main/podman/>`__.
- After upgrading, re-create your Python virtual environment to avoid binary incompatibilities.

Problem generating a geometry with volume sleepers
--------------------------------------------------
When generating a track with volume sleepers, it can happen that the geometry generation fails when the
underlying geometry contains a point which is exactly on the same coordinate as the origin point of the track generation.

> Below code is shown which illustrates the problem. In this code, the origin point of the track is included in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code below illustrates this issue. In this code, the origin point of the track is included in the
```
